Package Itinerary
munnar Pool Villa
Day1
You will be picking from Cochin Airport / Ernakulam railway station and drive to Munnar (04 Hrs drive). On the way enjoy some waterfalls and natural scenic spots. On arrival at Munnar check into Hotel and relax for the rest of the day. Overnight stay at the hotel will be arranged.

munnar
Day2
After breakfast spend the day with local sightseeing. Situated at the confluence of three mountain streams - Mudrapuzha, Nallathanni and Kundale, Munnar is 1600 Meter above sea level. This majestic hill station was once the summer resort of the British government in South India. Local sightseeing of Munnar includes visit to Mattupetty Dam, Kundale Lake and Echo point. Afternoon proceed to Rajamalai were the rarest species of mountain goat, "Nilgiri Thars", can be spotted. Overnight stay is arranged at Munnar.

Thekkady
Day3
After breakfast check out from the hotel and drive to Thekkady (04 Hrs); on arrival check in to the hotel. Proceed for the sightseeing tour of Thekkady - one of the world's most fascinating wild life reserves. The Periyar wild life sanctuary in Thekkady is spread across 777 sq km of which 360 sq km is thick ever green forest. Noted for its geomorphology, diversity of wild life and scenic beauty, the sanctuary was declared a Tiger Reserve in 1978. Optional activities like Boating at Periyar Lake, Spice Plantation visit and Elephant Ride can be done at an extra cost. Overnight stay is arranged in Thekkady.

Mararikulam
Day4
Extolled as Kerala’s cleanest beach sand, Mararikulam (Marari) is a typical fishing village, located on the southwest coast of Central Kerala. Mararikulam or Marari would give a completely new experience to a holidayer as it offers an unblemished and pristine shoreline, swaying coconut palms, thatched huts, small paths that crisscross through courtyards and a striking view of the sunset. You can experience the local charm with matchless traditional Kerala hospitality, at Mararikulam. Explore the stunning backwaters, the tranquility of the village and the spectacular sceneries that promise a relaxing and inspiring experience.

cochin
Day5
After breakfast check out from the Hotel and drive to Cochin Airport / railway station (depend on your departure place) for your flight / train back home, feeling contented about a wonderful holiday you spent in the God's Own Country.