

Day-1

You will be picking from Cochin Airport / Ernakulam railway station and take to the hotel. Spend the afternoon with local sightseeing in and around Cochin - the Queen of Arabian Sea, this is one of the finest natural harbors in the World and was one of the major centers for commerce and trade with British, Chinese, Portugese, Dutch, etc. Sightseeing attractions in Cochin include Dutch Palace, Jewish Synagogue, Jewish Street, St. Francis Church and Chinese Fishing Nets. Overnight stay is arranged in Cochin


Day2
After breakfast check out from the hotel and drive to Munnar (04 Hrs drive). Munnar, situated 1600 Meters above sea level at the confluence of three mountain streams Mudrapuzha, Nallathanni and Kundale. This majestic hill station was once the summer resort of the British government in South India. On the way enjoy some waterfalls and natural scenic spots. On arrival at Munnar check into Hotel. The Tea Museum displays the history and evolution of the tea plantations in Munnar. Entry fee Rs.125/- per adult, the museum is open to tourists till 5 pm. If you are a flora lover, pay a visit to the Floriculture Centre Munnar. Commonly known as Rose Garden, it has over a hundred varieties of flowers and herbal plants. Open from 10 am to 5 pm and charges Rs.30 per person. * Entrance fee/activity charges not included unless otherwise mentioned with inclusions. An overnight stay at the hotel will be arranged.

Day3
After breakfast spend the day with local sightseeing. Situated at the confluence of three mountain streams - Mudrapuzha, Nallathanni and Kundale, Munnar is 1600 Meter above sea level. This majestic hill station was once the summer resort of the British government in South India. Local sightseeing of Munnar includes visit to Mattupetty Dam, Kundale Lake and Echo point. Afternoon proceed to Rajamalai were the rarest species of mountain goat, "Nilgiri Thars", can be spotted. Overnight stay is arranged at Munnar.

Day4
After breakfast check out from the hotel in Munnar and drive to Alleppey (172 KM away). The drive from Munnar to Alleppey would usually take around 4 hours and 50 minutes. Upon arrival in Munnar get out on an enchanting overnight backwater cruise in traditionally decorated houseboats. Check in time is 01:00 PM and cruise starts with lunch. While cruising in these floating luxury-villas, let your eyes settle for the rare and the unusual - skim past Chinese fishing nets, bowed-down paddy fields, and local inhabitants engaged in making coir products, rustic homes, and ancient temples and swaying coconut groves. Food will be served onboard. Overnight stay in the houseboat


After breakfast check out from the House Boat / Hotel and drive to Cochin Airport / railway station (depend on your departure place) for your flight / train back home, feeling contented about a wonderful holiday you spent in the God's Own Count